Professor, In class you mentioned something about Lagrange multipliers, but I don't remember if you said they were or were not going to be covered on the final. Could you remind me what you said about it? Thanks,
Sorry for the late response, I was actually supposed to be partnered with someone else, but there was an issue with handin and it didn't partner us. We worked it out yesterday and are now partners, so I don't believe we are partners anymore. Sorry for any confusion.
Just wanted to give you an update, I did apply for the internship. Thanks for helping me find it!
I believe that the FAA Technical Center plans on announcing a Pathways internship at the college level and high school level.    The announcements would be posted at www.usajobs.gov.   if you have not done so already, I recommend that you set up a user profile in USAJOBS.   Once the announcements open, you will be required to apply on line.  You must submit a resume and a copy of your transcripts.  You can use the USAJOBS resume builder which is very easy to use and update.
I was interested in scheduling some time with you to discuss joining us in BI&A in the IT department for an internship.  We can have a quick phone conversation and then I’d likely have you come in and meet with us.  I look forward to hearing from you.
Can you stop in my office tomorrow sometime during the afternoon? I would like to discuss the project you told me about.
Sorry, but I can't make it to your birthday party this weekend. Too bad, it sounded lit!
Will you RSVP to the wedding already?
Hey, it's your roommate, I will be moving in May 6th. Is there anything you want me to bring? Thanks!
Want to get dinner Friday night? Shoot your shot!
Your Amazon Prime membership is about to expire. Click here to renew your membership.
I am going to be at school this summer, so if you need me, you can find me there.
OK great and thanks.  If 415 or 430 works, I’ll look forward to talking to you then!
That time works for me, talk to you soon.
Please join us tomorrow. we have a need for volunteers. Ask for me when you arrive.
Hi, could you add me to the email list for the ski trip? Thank you!
I will be able to make freshman orientation.
Hey, could you come over tomorrow and help with this homework problem? I can't seem to get it, thanks.
As I finish school on June 19th, I would be able to work full time from June 20th until school reopens on September 1st. However, until June 20th, I would be able to work one day on weekends until the summer when I can work full time. I'd be willing to work for minimum wage, and I can work whatever hours you need. I could be a busboy, dishwasher, or server.
Hi! I know this is late but I was wondering if I could stop by at the Alcove some time and have you sign off community service hours for the ice cream event. Whenever works for you works for me.
This is an email to let you know that I have just submitted my freshman application to the University of Washington Seattle. The online application gave me the chance to notify up to three people that I've applied.Unfortunately I will be unable to volunteer Saturday because I have the SATs.
Unfortunately I will be unable to volunteer Saturday because I have the SATs.
Okay, so hopefully you all get this email because the picture I took of all the emails was kind of hard to read. This is what I have for the election of 1840. I am not sure if this is what he wanted or if he wanted more detail, but this is the stuff I found without doing much digging.
Hi, do you still need volunteers to help with the book sale? Some of my friends and I are available to help out this week.
This is Matt from Mainland. John and I would like to volunteer again at the Food Bank on Saturday mornings. Can we come this Saturday at 8:00? Thank you and I hope you had a great summer.
Hello everyone, we are giving everyone the day off tomorrow due to weather. We will pick the project back up on Tuesday. See you all then!
Sorry I couldn't make the meeting today, September 16th. I was in a meeting with my coach at the same time.
Hey everyone, we will have our first club meeting tomorrow at six. Click this link to sign up.
Take a study break tonight and come to this week’s Hacks meeting! Even if you have hack-to-hack finals, make sure to come hang with us in 105 Shillman at 8:30 tonight! Hopefully the lack of pizza at this meeting will help you all de-stress!
Hey guys! Thank you so much to everyone that turned out to vote! We have the results for e-board elections. Congratulations to everyone that won and thank you to everyone that ran. We were extremely impressed by the passion that each candidate expressed for the club.
Northeastern University is dedicated to continuously improving your opportunities for learning, and we need your feedback to help us accomplish this goal. Thus, we are introducing LEARN: Learning Evaluation and Response to NUpath. The LEARN survey is designed to assess your learning in the course(s) in which you are enrolled. This is not an evaluation of the course or your instructor.
The ACM Richard Tapia Celebration of Diversity in Computing will be held in Orlando, FL September 19-22 2018. This conference focuses on bringing together undergraduate and graduate students, faculty, researchers, and professionals in computing from all backgrounds and ethnicities to:
Finishing up the awards - This is what I have for a template
Hey everyone! As promised in our lab sections, Manas and I will be hosting a lecture/discussion on git today. It will be in 11 Kariotis from 2-4pm, so definitely stop by to decompress from the homework/chat and learn about version control.
This is a FINAL reminder that you still have a package classified as a Medium Package at Columbus Place.
As we prepare for Commencement activities, a tent will be erected on Gainsborough Street from Monday, April 30th through Friday, May 11th
This is probably my last email for the semester, so I want to take this opportunity to thank you all for taking this class, and wish you my very best for your future endeavors. I also very much want to thank the TA for the class, Jonier Antunes, who did a really terrific job grading and helping out in teaching the class. Have a great summer,
Please come out and support your fellow students, faculty, and staff as we join together this afternoon at 3:00 pm on the 17th Floor of East Village for Northeastern’s eighth annual Academic Honors Convocation.
My partner and I lost 15/60 points for not having heapsort implemented in part 1. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I was under the impression it wasn't required for part 1 and we were simply recommended to start working on it early?
Provost James C. Bean and the PhD Network invite you to the Experiential PhD Expo Join us to learn about the research that our PhD students and their faculty mentors pursue with external partners
In order to maintain a productive studying and sleeping environment, 24/7 Quiet hours will be in effect from now until Friday, 4/27 (Including the Weekend!!!). Please be mindful of your volume in order to be respectful of your neighbors.